Update ediscovery-attorney-privilege-detection.md (#11242)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/ediscovery-attorney-privilege-detection.md

4. Select **Save** to upload the attorney list.

> [!NOTE]

> > Once the attorney CSV file has been uploaded, it is not possible to view or download the attorney list. It is recommended to keep the CSV file for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Once the attorney CSV file has been uploaded, it is not possible to view or download the attorney list. We recommend keeping the CSV file for reference.
```
